Consolidation and FAQ (#838)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/get-started/performance.mdx

<Steps>
1. Read Keeping it 100 to understand the eager, lazy, and delayed phases and LCP limits.
1. Use the sections below to map each phase to files in the Commerce boilerplate.
1. After you change loading behavior, run [Lighthouse audits](#run-lighthouse-audits) and review [Performance and monitoring](/setup/launch/#performance-and-monitoring) on the launch checklist.
</Steps>

## Run Lighthouse audits

> PageSpeed Insights is the most accurate way to audit your storefront's Web Vitals. It uses the same Lighthouse engine as the Chrome DevTools, but it runs the audit on a real device in a controlled environment. What it measures and how to stay near 100 aligns with <Link href="https://www.aem.live/developer/keeping-it-100" text="Keeping it 100" />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PageSpeed Insights is a reliable tool for checking your storefront’s Web Vitals. It uses the same Lighthouse engine found in Chrome DevTools, but runs tests on real devices in a controlled environment for more consistent results. The metrics it reports—and the steps needed to achieve a score close to 100—match Google’s recommended performance standards. See <Link href="https://www.aem.live/developer/keeping-it-100" text="Keeping it 100" />.
```

<LinkCard
  noborder
  icon="rocket"
  title="PageSpeed Insights"
  description="Make sure you enter your storefront's <strong>.live</strong> production URL for accurate results. The .live production site sits on CDNs that are closest to your customers, on the edge."
  link="https://pagespeed.web.dev/"
  rightIcon="external"
  target="_blank"
  rel="noopener noreferrer"
  aria-label="PageSpeed Insights (opens in a new tab)"
/>

### Step-by-step

<Steps>

> 1. Navigate to the PageSpeed Insights page: https://pagespeed.web.dev/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the <Link href="https://pagespeed.web.dev/" text="PageSpeed Insights website" />.
```
